v1.25
LTG now ACTUALLY berates Bellamy for being a shrimp, wheenie scrub after winning the match. He still only makes these remarks at the victory screen.
Adjusted many of LTG's normals. said normals now do more damage but are easier to stuff during active frames.

v1.24
Buffed CHP. Pushback the opponent recieves from getting hit by the first active frame now only applies on block.
Removed eronious code that was left in after changing the AI charge buffer code.
Zhihao & Bellamy have been added to the list of "twinks", LTG will now question thier manhood after bodying the boys.

v1.22
LTG now uses his boss-specific winquote when he beats Gill, regardless if he's on his boss stage or not. LTG has bias towards Gill, perhaps because the two see themselves as gods amongst men...
LTG now has unique winquotes whenever he bodies dudes that... have more fragile-looking builds.(many of which unsurprisingly come from weeb sources)Currently applies to Gliz, though more can be added by you the player.

v1.21
Adjusted cmd file. merged triggers for player & AI regarding normal links, they are just as functional but take less space now.(this change slightly improves the AI)
Updated Charge Buffer coding. The AI adheres to the same rules that you follow regarding charge inputs more closely now.
Updated AI Parry code. AI's ability to parry projectiles now more accurately scales with AIlevel, meaning LTG's AI might actually be worse at parrying them.

v1.195
SHK,Back SHK, & all versions of Laggin Knee Drop deal bonus damage whenever they hit foes that are attacking, HKs & EX Knee Drop inflict additional hitstun in these scenarios as well.
Nerfed CMP. reduced blockstun by 2 ticks.
LTG's KO scream when he loses to Ken now also plays when he gets KO'd by Blaziken.(his rage is so great, it blinds him!)
Edited audio clip that plays during LTG's Intro against Ryu.
LtG's winquotes that play when LTG's bodies shotos now also play when he bodies Blaziken.

v1.17
Removed the interactions.cns & all associated anims & states.
LTG can now cancel forward dash end frames with all of his standing & crouching attacks since he has no attack that cancel back dash end frames.
Forward dash & running can now be toggled in the config.txt file. No more hunting down the forward dash/run states in the cmd.
LTG can't jump during a run anymore, Running always lasts for at least 9 ticks before it can be ended by releasing forward.(unless it's interupted by getting attacked.)
Jump cancelling run end frames are now possible on frame 2 or later as opposed to any frame.(running must be enabled for this change to take effect)
Updated LTG's winquotes to play when LTG's bodies the following characters:
Shotos:Kairi
Boss fights:Nyal(when battling on THE MADNESS CITY)

v1.14
Adjusted blockstun for standing & crouching normals as well as Triggered Tackle.
Adjusted hitstun for standing & crouching normals.
Edited CMK. Frame 3 no longer has a hitbox, base damage increased to 45,0 from 39,0
Edited CMP. Frame 4 no longer has a hitbox, base damage increased to 59,0 from 49,0.
Added more voice clips for the following: gethit, grabbed, getting caught in a combo of at least 10 hits.
Boss-specific victory quote now plays when LTG defeats Ingrid in the Infinity Chamber.
Adjusted jump land cancelling & dash end cancelling.
Fixed unintentional grammar errors in two of his victory quotes.

v1.1
Implemented "Spam Control" variables for charge moves, limiting rapid use of these attacks. This code affects the AI as well.

v1.095
Salt Levels tweaked. When LTG wins a round, his salt decreases by a value equal to his remaining HP.(It will never go below zero)
Fixed Salt levels mechanic. Salt no longer carries over to the next match.(it still persists between rounds in a fight)
increased Height stat to 62 from 60

v1.08
Adjusted Eraserhead Smash. you no longer take damage when connecting the move, instead the hurtbox within the hitbox is bigger.
Fixed Cheating AI issue. AI won't use triggered tackle when moving forward, won't use Eraserhead smash or Laggin Knee drop unless it's stationary.
Reworked the Supers. They cost no power but can only be used when LTG gets angry enough(explained further in the Read or GTAB.txt file)

v1.065
set yaccel to .5 for all normals & specials
Removed movecontact requirement for the AI to special cancel in the .cmd file.(The AI can do anything you can now.)
Replaced duplicate voice clips with new ones to reduce repetition.
Buffed EX Eraserhead Smash. LTG's invincible for the first 5 ticks on startup.
Removed juggle limit for Triggered Tackle & EX Eraserhead.
Fixed SLP. Now you can ONLY follow-up with standing lights if the previous light hits.


v1.035
Edited super cancel timing for normals & disabled super canceling from specials.
Removed self damage from connecting Laggin Ass Knee Drop. It made the move too shitty
Removed unused audio clips from the .snd file.
Modder's block now reflects projectiles.(He can still hurt himself with the barrier.)
EX Triggered Tackle can be canceled now & only Desperate Fireball can cancel Eraserhead Smash's landing frames.
All specials(excluding Fireball)can be canceled regardless if it hits or not.(LTG doesn't reward skill IRL)
Can no longer follow up blocked or whiffed normals with another normal.